Someone is looking up to you. Don't let them down.
Run!!
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
You are about to become $8.95 poorer.($6.95 if you had the buffet)
18,000 children starve to death every day, They would've loved this cookie
Right there in front of you, all the darkness in the world.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of 2
Did you just broke that little home of mine just to read this? Cmon
For rectal use only
About time I got out of that cookie.
If you eat something and nobody notices you eat it, it has no calories.
Someone in your life needs a letter from you.
Your heart will skip a beat.
A passionate new romance will appear in your life when you least expect it.
You will marry a professional athlete - if competitive eating can be considered a sport for you.
HELP! I'M BEING HELD PRISONER IN A CHINESE BAKERY.
You don't have to be faster than the bear, you just have to be faster than the slower guy running from it.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is rare.
Ask not what your fortune cookie can do for you but what you can do for your fortune cookie.
Enjoy Thyself while you can.
You are not illiterate.
If you think we're going to sum up your whole life on this little piece of paper, you're crazy.
I see money in your future....It's not yours though.
Some days you are pigeon, some days you are statue. Today, bring umbrella.
Your reality check about to bounce.
Wise person never try to get even. Wise person get odder.
Two days from now, tomorrow will be yesterday.
Your inferiority complex not good enough. Try harder.
Stop eating now. Food poisoning no fun.
You are cleverly disguised as responsible adult.
Drive like hell, you will get there.
Person who eat fortune cookie get lousy dessert.
Okay to look at past and future. Just don’t stare.
Wise person need either good manners or fast reflexes.
Soup was secret family recipe made from toad. Hope you liked!
You will soon have an out of money experience.
Probability of being seen directly proportional to stupidity of act.
He who dies with most toys, still dies.
Person who rests on laurels gets thorn in backside.
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Hard work pay off in future. Laziness pay off now.
Give person fish, he eat for day. Teach person to fish, he always smell funny.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
Today it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
A smile is your passport into the hearts of others.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Your high-minded principles spell success.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
Change can hurt, but it leads a path to something better.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
People are naturally attracted to you.
Hidden in a valley beside an open stream- This will be the type of place where you will find your dream.
What ever you're goal is in life, embrace it visualize it, and for it will be yours.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
Be on the lookout for coming events; They cast their shadows beforehand.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
A dream you have will come true.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
You will marry your lover.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
It is now, and in this world, that we must live.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
You can make your own happiness.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
Now is the time to try something new.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Keep your eye out for someone special.
You are very talented in many ways.
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Its amazing how much good you can do if you dont care who gets the credit.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
LIFE CONSIST NOT IN HOLDING GOOD CARDS, BUT IN PLAYING THOSE YOU HOLD WELL.
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them!
It's better to be alone sometimes.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
Let the deeds speak.
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows.
Fortune favors the brave.
An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Sometimes you just need to lay on the floor.
Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.
If you have something worth fighting for, then fight for it.
Stop wishing. Start doing.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
Stay true to those who would do the same for you.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Happiness is an activity.
Help is always needed but not always appreciated. Stay true to your heart and help those in need weather they appreciate it or not.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Finish your work on hand don't be greedy.
For success today, look first to yourself.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
If you're happy, you're successful.
You will always be surrounded by true friends
Believing that you are beautiful will make you appear beautiful to others around you.
Happinees comes from a good life.
Before trying to please others think of what makes you happy.
When hungry, order more Chinese food.
Your golden opportunity is coming shortly.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love .
You will make many changes before settling down happily.
A man is born to live and not prepare to live.
You cannot become rich except by enriching others.
Don't pursue happiness - create it.
You will be successful in love.
There will be a happy romance for you shortly.
Your fondest dream will come true within this year.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You will become better acquainted with a coworker.
To be old and wise, you must first be young and stupid.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Integrity is doing the right thing, even if nobody is watching.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
You are a lover of words; One day you will write a book.
In this life it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Seek out the significance of your problem at this time. Try to understand.
Never upset the driver of the car you're in; they're the master of your destiny until you get home.
He who slithers among the ground is not always a foe.
You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.
You only need look to your own reflection for inspiration. Because you are Beautiful!
You are not judged by your efforts you put in; you are judged on your performance.
Rivers need springs.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone.
Patience is a virtue, unless its against a brick wall.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
Even if the person who appears most wrong, is also quite often right.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work.
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get it's pearl.
Your life will be filled with magical moments.
You're true love will show himself to you under the moonlight.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail
Do not fear what you don't know
The object of your desire comes closer.
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words
The most useless energy is trying to change what and who God so carefully created.
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled in happiness they both must exist
You will have unexpected great good luck.
You will have a pleasant surprise
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
It is not necessary to show others you have change; the change will be obvious.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
All your fingers can't be of the same length.
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
A lifetime of happiness is in store for you.
It is very possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
Be tactful; overlook your own opportunity.
You are the controller of your destiny.
Everything happens for a reson.
How can you have a beutiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
You can open doors with your charm and patience.
Welcome the change coming into your life.
I have a dream....Time to go to bed.
Ideas you believe are absurd ultimately lead to success!
A human being is a deciding being.
Today is an ideal time to water your parsonal garden.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
Things are never quite the way they seem.
the project on your mind will soon gain momentum
YOUR FAILURES WILL LEAD YOU TO YOUR SUCCESS.
IN ORDER TO GET THE RAINBOW, YOU MUST ENDURE THE RAIN.
Beauty is simply beauty. originality is magical.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Let not your hand be stretched out to receive and shut when you should repay.
Don't worry, half the people you know are below average.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
You don't need talent to gain experience.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
Today you shed your last tear. Tomorrow fortune knocks at your door.
Be patient! The Great Wall didn't got build in one day.
Think you can. Think you can't. Either way, you'll be right.
Wisdom is on her way to you. 
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
If you eat a box of fortune cookies, anything is possible.
The best is yet to come.
I'm with you. 
Be direct,usually one can accomplish more that way.
A single kind work will keep one warm for years.
Ask a friend to join you on your next voyage.
In God we trust.
Love is free. Lust will cost you everything you have. 
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you. 
You don't need the answers to all of life's questions. Just ask your father what to do.
Jealousy is a useless emotion. 
You are not a ghost. 
There is someone rather annoying in your life that you need to listen to.
You will plant the smallest seed and it will become the greatest and most mighty tree in the world.
The dream you've been dreaming all your life isn't worth it. Find a new dream, and once you're sure you've found it, fight for it.
See if you can learn anything from the children.
It's Never Too Late For Good Things To Happen!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Aim high, time flies.
One is not sleeping, does not mean they are awake.
A great pleasure in life is doing what others say you can't.
Isn't there something else you should be working on right now?
Your father still loves and is in always with you. Remember that.
Before you can be reborn you must die.
It better to be the hammer than the nail. 
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability. 
Save the whales. Collect the whole set. 
You will soon discover a major truth about the one you love most. 
Your life will prosper only if you acknowledge your faults and work to reduce them.
What breaks in a moment may take years to mend.
Someone stole your fortune and replaced it with this one. Your luck sucks. Have a good day!
Take control of your life rather than letting things happen just like that! 
You will be rewarded for your patience and understanding. 
You will achieve all your desires and pleasures.
Never miss a chance to keep your mouth shut. 
Nothing Shows A Man's Character More Than What He Laughs At.
Never regret anything that made you smile. 
Love Takes Pratice.
Don't take yourself so seriously, no one else does. 
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got!
At this very moment you can change the rest of your life.
Become who you are. 
All comes at the proper time to him who knows how to wait.
The energy is within you. Money is Coming!
The quotes that you do not understand, are not meant for you.
You have an important new business development shaping up.
if love someone a lot tell it before it's too late 
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues. 
Benefit by doing things that others give up on.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
One of the best ways to persuade others is with your ears--by listening to them. 
Plan your work and work your plan.
Over self-confidence is equal to being blind. 
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. 
Love or money, or neither? 
Before the beginning of great brilliance, there must be chaos.
Old friends make best friends. 
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you. 
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart. 
Enhance your karma by engaging in various charitable activities. 
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships. 
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Hope is like food. You will starve without it.
WHEN FIRE AND WATER GO TO WAR WATER ALWAYS WINS. 
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts up his eyes.
Make the system work for you, not the other way around. 
You will be hungry soon, order takeout now.
Be prepared for extra energy.
An unexpected relationship will become permanent. 
The love of your life is sitting across from you. 
Better be the head of a chicken than the tail of an ox.
To forgive others one more time is to create one more blessing for yourself.
Enjoy yourself while you can. 
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Excellence is the difference between what I do and what I am capable of.
Do not let what you do not have prevent you from using what you do have.
What ends on hope does not end at all.
People enjoy having you around. Appreciate this.